Google Ads - Get More Customers With Easy Online Advertising
    Ads Jump to Content Ads Overview How it works Cost FAQ Advanced campaigns Contact 1-844-201-2399 Call for sign-up help Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Chat Sign in Start now Start now Reach new customers online with Google Ads Be seen where your customers are searching, browsing and watching across Google Search, YouTube, and the web. Get the most of your marketing budget with automated solutions from Google Ads. To help you get started with Google Ads, we’ll give you 600 CAD in free ad credit when you spend 600 CAD. Start now Get started with free personalized support. Create your custom ad plan with a Google Ads expert. 1-844-201-2399 Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET Chat custom modern furniture Ad EQ3.com EQ3 - Timeless, modern furniture A modern Canadian approach to furniture and home. Show up when people search for what you offer Google is where people search for what to do, where to go and what to buy. Your ad can appear on Google at the very moment someone is looking for products or services like yours. Whether they’re on desktop or mobile, a well-timed ad can turn people into valuable customers. Start now Start now Get the results that matter to you Drive website visits Grow online sales, bookings or mailing list signups with online ads that direct people to your website. Get more phone calls Increase customer calls with ads that feature your phone number and a click-to-call button. Increase shop visits Get more customers in the door with business ads that help people find your company on the map. Set a budget that works for your business Google ads give you control over your advertising budget. Set a monthly budget cap, and never go over it. Plus, you can pause or adjust your spend anytime. Learn more about setting a budget Monthly budget cap Adjust anytime $ $$$ Partner with Google to find the right customers With our smart, easy ads, you can reach more relevant customers within your budget. Plus, we’ll help you improve your ads over time to get more of the results that matter to your business. Learn how Google Ads works See real results “Awareness was a key strategic area for growth. Utilizing a diverse marketing approach and experiments, the results were staggering, showcasing a 304% increase in transactions & an 86% ROAS increase.” - Dan Gange, Executive, EQ3 Get more customers with Google Ads Create, edit, and monitor your ads on the go Monitor your campaigns in real-time Edit your ads, budgets and keywords Review and implement recommendations Start now Get started with free personalized support. Create your custom ad plan with a Google Ads expert. 1-844-201-2399 Chat Mon-Fri, 9am-9pm ET To help you get started with Google Ads, we’ll give you 600 CAD in free ad credit when you spend 600 CAD. Claim this offer Terms and conditions for this offer: Offer available only while supplies last. Offer available only to advertisers which are new to Google Ads, with a billing address in Canada. One promotional code per advertiser To activate this offer: Click on the button or link associated with this offer for the promotional code to be automatically applied to your first Google Ads account. The promotional code must be applied to your first Google Ads account within 14 days of your first ad impression being served from such account. To earn the credit: After the promotional code is applied to your Google Ads account, your advertising campaigns must accrue costs of at least $600 (excluding any taxes or applicable fees), within 60 days. Making a payment of $600 is not sufficient. The tracking of advertising costs towards $600 begins after the promotional code is applied. Once 3 and 4 are completed, the credit will typically be applied within 5 days to the Billing Summary of your Google Ads account. The credit expires 60 days after it is applied to your account. Credit applies to future advertising costs only. Credit cannot be applied to costs accrued before the promotional code was entered in your Google Ads account. You won’t receive a notification once credit in your Google Ads account is used up and any additional advertising costs will be charged to your form of payment. If you don’t want to continue advertising, you can pause or delete your campaigns at any time. Your account must be successfully billed by Google Ads and remain in good standing in order to remain eligible to use the credit. Full terms and conditions can be found here https://www.google.ca/intl/en/ads/coupons/terms.html Chat with a Google Ads Expert for a one-on-one consultation. Follow us About Google Ads Overview How it works Cost Learning & support Your Guide to Google Ads Google Ads Help Centre Primer Skillshop Developers & partners Google Developers Site Google Ads API Google Ads Scripts Google Ads Remarketing Tags Related products Google Analytics Shopping campaigns Local Services Business Profile Chrome Waze Local ads More solutions Business Solutions Google Workspace Think with Google AdSense AdMob Privacy Terms About Google Google products Help Algérie – Français Argentina – Español (Latinoamérica) Australia – English Azərbaycan – Azərbaycanca Bangladesh – English Belgique – Français België – Nederlands Bolivia – Español (Latinoamérica) Brasil – Português (Brasil) Canada – English Canada – Français Chile – Español (Latinoamérica) Colombia – Español (Latinoamérica) Costa Rica – Español (Latinoamérica) Cyprus – English Danmark – Dansk Deutschland – Deutsch Ecuador – Español (Latinoamérica) Eesti – Eesti Egypt – English El Salvador – Español (Latinoamérica) English Espanya – Català España – Español Estados Unidos – Español (Latinoamérica) France – Français Guatemala – Español (Latinoamérica) Honduras – Español (Latinoamérica) Hong Kong – English Hrvatska – Hrvatski India – English Indonesia – Bahasa Indonesia Indonesia – English Ireland – English Italia – Italiano Kyrgyzstan – Ky Latvija – Latviešu Lietuva – Lietuvių Magyarország – Magyar Malaysia – Bahasa Melayu Malaysia – English Maroc – Français México – Español (Latinoamérica) Nederland – Nederlands Nepal – English New Zealand – English Nicaragua – Español (Latinoamérica) Nigeria – English Norge – Norsk Pakistan – English Panamá – Español (Latinoamérica) Paraguay – Español (Latinoamérica) Perú – Español (Latinoamérica) Philippines – English Pilipinas – Filipino Polska – Polski Portugal – Português (Portugal) Puerto Rico – Español (Latinoamérica) Republica Moldova – Română República Dominicana – Español (Latinoamérica) România – Română Saudi Arabia – English Schweiz – Deutsch Singapore – English Slovenija – Slovenščina Slovensko – Slovenčina South Africa – English Sri Lanka – English Suisse – Français Suomi – Suomi Sverige – Svenska Tunisie – Français Türkiye – Türkçe United Arab Emirates – English United Kingdom – English United States – English Uruguay – Español (Latinoamérica) Venezuela – Español (Latinoamérica) Việt Nam – Tiếng Việt Österreich – Deutsch Česká Republika – Čeština Ελλάδα – Ελληνικά Беларусь – Русский България – Български Казахстан – Русский Монгол – Монгол Россия – Русский Србија – Српски Таджикистан – Русский Туркменистан – Русский Україна – Українська Ўзбекистон – Ўзбек Հայաստան – Հայերեն भारत – हिन्दी ไทย – ไทย საქართველო – ქართული ‫ישראל – עברית‬ ‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة – العربية‬ ‫الجزائر – العربية‬ ‫العربية‬ ‫الكويت – العربية‬ ‫المغرب – العربية‬ ‫المملكة العربية السعودية – العربية‬ ‫تونس – العربية‬ ‫قطر – العربية‬ ‫مصر – العربية‬ 中国 – 中文（简体中文） 台灣 – 中文（繁體中文） 日本 – 日本語 香港 – 中文（繁體中文） 대한민국 – 한국어